Your organization is currently looking for Software Engineer role and it’s a pleasure to present myself as a candidate. You surely have multiple candidates to consider, and I feel obligated to honor the importance of this search to XXX by providing additional information about my professional personality and decision to pursue a career in the web industry. Hopefully, this letter will help your team build a more comprehensive understanding of me as you consider my professional profile. First, it’s important that your team understands a bit more about my professional personality. In me, you’ll find a candidate that’s communicative, team-oriented, and capable of managing important projects individually and someone who has a never give up spirit. As you know, web developer/operations manage relationships with a variety of people and leverage them to contribute to a shared goal. The job requires excellent communication skills, and these are skills that can be valuable to a team. I’m also managing legacy projects and maintaining them. I am a good communicator who is comfortable working with my colleagues, managing relationships with external stakeholders, and working independently. Second, it’s important that your team understands how my application fits into my longer-term professional goals. You’ll notice that I’ve been in the software industry for more than 3 years now, and I’ve found something I love. Web Application is something that we all use every day. It’s constantly changing the way we interact with the world political dynamics shift and new technologies emerge—so it’s a part of the economy that is both dynamic and challenging. I’ve found my industry and now I’m looking for a career opportunity to grow, contribute, and hopefully stay for a long time. Your opportunity comes at a time when I’m just finishing a milestone as an Associate Web Developer at Endurance International g Group that has empowered me with the skills and a perspective that can be leveraged for business growth and for our economy, so the timing is perfect. I understand how important it is to XXX to find a person who can contribute in this role. It’s also important that XXX find someone who will be a collaborative, analytical, driven, and proactive member of the organization and that is certainly how others would characterize me. I hope that you have found this letter useful as you consider your pool of applicants and also sincerely hope that we’ll be afforded an opportunity to communicate further. Sincerely, Ryan Pereira.